this is me interviewing grace grace how
confident are you about finishing this
race today are you excited is this the
best idea ever aha do you have any
doubts in mind in your mind about what's
about to happen
I don't know how much just enough
so it doesn't freeze it's time to
measure a shot
all right grace how you feel like
let's look at the map moving at this for
over three hours space where are we
there we're halfway through the part
will be pushed two bites that bike on
them push genius oh dear god help us
there
you
both face interview grace what do you
think about the triple-t now so how far
did you make it out of the predicted
projected 54 miles 54 you made all 54
miles and how was it was there any black
pit of despair no it was super easy
wasn't it how long did it take you to
finish two hours two hours you are
amazing we're gonna do this again next
year